Adding Identity Engine procedure for Registration Inline Hook Guide (#2418)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/registration-hook/index.md

}
```

> ## Enabling a Registration Inline Hook for Profile Enrollment in Okta Identity Engine

Reviewer: Enabling => Enable

> You then need to associate the registered Inline Hook with your Profile Enrollment policy. (For information on configuring a Profile Enrollment policy, see [Enable and configure a profile enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-profile-enrollment-policy-sr.htm).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You then need to associate the registered Inline Hook with your Profile Enrollment policy. (For information on configuring a Profile Enrollment policy, see [Manage Profile Enrollment policies](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-profile-enrollment-policy-sr.htm).)
```

Reviewer: Matching the reference with the new title in product docs.

1. Go to **Security > Profile Enrollment**.

1. Click the pencil icon to edit the policy and associate it with your Registration Inline Hook.

> 1. In **Enrollment Settings**, click the More Options icon and then select **Edit**. If not already selected, click **Allowed** in the **For new users** section.

Reviewer: - consistency with "pencil icon" and "More Options icon"
- "click **Allowed**" => "select the **Allowed** check box" ?

Author: Will match what I added for the guide page. These are the same, generic instructions. Thanks.

> **Note:** Only one Inline Hook can be associated with your Profile Enrollment policy at a time.

> ## Enabling a Registration Inline Hook for Self-Service Registration in Okta Classic

Reviewer: Enabling => Enable
